dead silence sleight of hand the
specialist bonus achieved specialist is
indeed quite special it is the bright
shining light of modern warfare 3 and in
a game which appears so flawed
it's the biggest redeeming factor for me
at least and price of the game's release
when all the usual hype was being built
up and all the usual speculation was
being made about oh these are the perks
that are gonna be in the list and these
are the kill streaks that are gonna be
in the air you look at them and you
think oh this sounds cool on paper looks
great but you think about it's probably
gonna be shitting in the real time
actually now think about it we kind of
reach in that time if you ever the black
ops 2 where all the speculations being
made and people are throwing up these
ideas about oh yeah this is gonna be in
the game and I kind of travel to stay
away from all that because it's mostly a
load of CAC and that probably won't like
what I'm reading but prior to modern
warfare 3 is release when the official
word came out from iw themselves about
different kinds of strike packages
depending on what kind of player you are
we're gonna have different lists of
different customizable kill streaks so
that all kinds of players can have their
desired experience once again same
reaction Oh sounds great on paper but
it's probably gonna play out horribly
then everybody's favorite where it
springs to my dear comes valance is it
gonna be balance town the hell they ever
gonna maintain the balance between the
three ones gonna be better than the
other two that one's gonna have shitty
rewards in it that was gonna have
overpowered rewards in it
look at that one no one's ever gonna
play that one and sure enough the game
comes out and as expected
oh Infinity Ward what were you thinking
this one is so overpowered this one is
so underpowered now why is that fucking
IMS only a five kill streak his remote
century at swirl point streak bloody
attack helicopter will you go for
someone else you bastard EMP
you mother strafe run calls in five
helicopters to sweep the indicated area
nine point Street who the hell is gonna
use that it's the stove bomber and
support the fuck is wrong with me yes as
expected the majority clearly not happy
at the final lists of strike packages
and the individual rewards cost a point
streak designated list or perhaps just
their general involvement in the game .
i would think the majority believes that
the most imbalanced reward in the strike
packages is the stealth bomber probably
not so much because of the cost but more
so the list it's been placed in an
offensive killstreak rewards in a
support strike package in more than just
an offensive reward a pretty damn
powerful one of thats and capable of
being rewarded to you at the cost of no
matter how many deaths at that points
it's not even a reward anymore it's more
of a freebie it is literally free kills
all that combined makes the stealth
bomber the number one streak ender which
is why it is hated by so many and that
ladies and gents is how you go off on a
gigantic tangent away from your intended
subject three minutes on and have ended
up here where i'm a exactly alright so
along with all the other general
bullshit you'd come to expect from
playing call of duty regarding the guns
the equipment that perks the maps
they've now got these assault and
support kill streaks thrown into the mix
with potentially unavoidable threats
that you're now also exposed to and
while dying an unavoidable death is just
straight-up annoying for the player the
disappointment level in Call of Duty is
just higher because the players are
generally rewarded for staying alive and
as a benefits are not dying
in the form of streaks although I should
specify not so much support streaks now
with our new and improved support
package right I'm just kidding so with
good rewards on offer the desire to stay
alive becomes much greater in this game
unfortunately the amount of unavoidable
bullshit that kills you dead has also
risen making death more frequence and
even more so making each individual
death more of a pain in the ass there's
a few perks that
do that little bit to help you out and
stay alive during these rough encounters
there's only so much protection you can
get when you're limited to just three
and that limitation will hit you pretty
hard in mw3 because we're some perks
give you the edge in gunfights some
prepare you better for the next gunfight
and some resist the unavoidable deaths
when you're away from gunfights it's a
big the limitation you need something
special you need the shining light of
specialists because of the expense of
dubious and possibly imbalanced air
supports it lets you overcome that perk
limitation and your perks in Call of
Duty have more of an influence on your
success than you might think
especially if you happen to be sporting
every single one at the same time some
perks when your gunfights some prepare
your next gunfights some keep you alive
when you're away from gunfights if I
could use one line just one series of
words that sums up this game a tagline
to fit modern warfare 3 to end all
descriptions it will be this modern
warfare 3 is designed to kill you and
with all the dangers in mind you need as
much as you can get of that edge prep
and resistance that the perks have to
offer an example of the limitation
hitting you hard would be let's take
blind eye so there's a guy at the bottom
of your team who's not doing too well
he's got one kill it's also got 10
deaths he's feeding the enemies streaks
an attack helicopter goes up and you're
at the top of the team attack helicopter
prioritizes you as a prime target as
opposed to the guy feeding people the
attack helicopters attack helicopter
shoots you kills you dead because that's
what they do there's like a bullshit
death that you didn't deserve so your
core blind a blind eye falling under the
list of countering danger when you're
away from gunfights now the attack
helicopter couldn't give a monkey's ass
about you in fact it's flown away the
guy on your team is now one at 15 now
they've called in a pave low but for the
pave lows entire minutes duration on the
map it didn't shoot you blind though
you've worked wonders you've now been
alive for two minutes you're on a 10
kill streak and you're about to get your
ac-130 a guy turns the corner on your
left down he goes you start to reload
but there's a guy coming up and you're
right he didn't expect them and now
you're caught reloading any shot you're
dead then you're one off your ac-130
if you died because you were caught
reloading and you weren't prepared for
it but you know that if you had sleight
of hand you would have had it in the
back on the other hand if you did have
sleight of hand you wouldn't have got
that close anyway because the pelo would
have been ripping your shit up because
you didn't have blind eye and this
limitation goes multiple ways you're
pretty sure that half their team just
casual blokes having a lazy Sunday in
front of the telly deciding to hop
online and shoot virtual people for an
hour before they head down the pub for a
pint hmm not much of a danger the other
half of that team are all major
try-hards with max rank max prestige
jacked KD and amped up headsets probably
gonna pop on the dead silence pro for
this one and sure enough you sneak
behind every single one and shoot him in
the back when they least expected you
and you just see another past the
doorway at the edge of the corridor you
catch up a little he doesn't hear you
you're about to go through the dawn line
up the shots and you've stepped on the
weekend warriors fucking Claymore
brilliance wonderful that guy doesn't
even know what a claymore is he just
picked it and threw it down because it
looked funny but all the same it's cost
you your streak and you just can't help
but think that you would have dodged it
if you would had sitrep modern warfare 3
is designed to kill you to resist the
death you need something special there
was never a commercial for the
specialist strike package then this is
probably it that's only something as
special as a specialist strike package
could nail me 40 gunned streak hope you
enjoyed thank you for watching and good
bye for now